can tweets even be mean I your face is
so stupid I hate you John Krasinski
[Music]
is there a Kickstarter campaign for
Kevin James to never make another movie
Chris O'Donnell has a potato face he
does hashtag potato face I remember when
the words Sharon Stone is on television
brought me joy instead of I hate that
Nick Offerman's hands seem crazy small
compared to his head if I had to choose
between pie or Jason Biggs I'd choose
the pie that dude has a dirty what in
the is up with Amy Poehler's face
looks like she survives a nuclear blast
great acting Dennis Quaid you old
irrelevant Pig Aaron Paul has a small
really Mark Ruffalo that's the face
you're going with god this movie's gonna
suck
Hank from Breaking Bad is just a fad
Bruce Willis McLovin sucks on chode Oh a
gay boy I'm fed up of see your ugly face
on my TV biscuit oh you're not the
center of the universe stain look at me
I'm Julia Louie Dreyfus I was on
Seinfeld the show about white people in
New York eating pickles and man
you Larry David exclamation point
shut the
[Applause]
[Music]
you